TODAY'S SESSION: FUNCTIONS
1. Creating a Function.
syntax
def function_name():
    #cod block goes in here

PROGRAMMING APPROACHES:
1. Procedural Programming.
2. Functional Programming.
3. Object Oriented Programming (OOP)

In Python, functions are reusable blocks of code that perform a specific task. They help organize code, reduce repetition, and make programs easier to read and maintain.

2. Function Parameters vs Arguments
- Parameters are placeholders or predefined variables given to the function during function definition/creation. Arguments are actual values given during funtion invocation.


ASSIGNMENT:
1. Make a concise study on:
    - Function keyword arguments.
    - Function arbitrary arguments.
    - Return Statement.
2. Write a function that'll accept a string, and return the length of the string.
3. Write a function that'll accept a character and a string and returns the number of occurrences of the character on the string.


TODAY'S SESSION: Object Oriented Programming
Implementation of OOP Concepts in Python Programming:

1. Class
A class is like a blueprint or template for creating objects. It defines the properties (attributes) and actions (methods) that objects created from it will have.
Example: A Car class can have attributes like color, model, and year, and methods like drive() and stop().

2. Object
An object is an actual instance of a class. It is created from the class and stores real values.
Example: car1 = Car("Toyota", "Corolla", 2021)
Here, car1 is an object of the Car class.

3. Inheritance
Inheritance is when a child class gets features from a parent class. This helps us reuse code and avoid writing the same things again.
Example: A Dog class can inherit from an Animal class because both share common features like eating and breathing.

4. Encapsulation
Encapsulation means hiding the internal details of a class and only exposing what is necessary. It helps protect data and keeps the code organized.
Example: A bank account class can hide the account balance and only allow access through methods like deposit() and withdraw().

5. Abstraction
Abstraction means showing only the important parts and hiding the complicated details. We do not need to know how a method works internally, only what it does.
Example: When you use a car, you only need to know how to drive it, not how the engine works in detail.

6. Polymorphism
Polymorphism means "many forms." It allows the same method name to behave differently depending on the object using it.
Example: A speak() method may behave differently for a Dog and a Cat, even though both use the same method name.

Simple summary:
- Class = blueprint
- Object = real thing made from the blueprint
- Inheritance = child class gets from parent class
- Encapsulation = protect and control access to data
- Abstraction = hide unnecessary details
- Polymorphism = same method, different behavior

